x2nrealloc unexpand
x2nrealloc uniq
x2nrealloc unlink
opendirat cp
utimecmpat cp
x2nrealloc cp
hash_pjw cp
x2nrealloc ptx
x2nrealloc nproc
opendirat chmod
x2nrealloc chmod
x2nrealloc comm
mbsalign dir
x2nrealloc dir
__strftime_internal dir
hash_pjw dir
x2nrealloc sleep
x2nrealloc cat
opendirat chown
x2nrealloc chown
x2nrealloc uptime
x2nrealloc tail
mbsalign numfmt
x2nrealloc numfmt
opendirat chcon
x2nrealloc chcon
cdb_advance_fd chcon
x2nrealloc runcon
opendirat du
x2nrealloc du
opendirat install
utimecmpat install
x2nrealloc install
hash_pjw install
x2nrealloc sha1sum
x2nrealloc id
x2nrealloc b2sum
x2nrealloc true
x2nrealloc stty
base64_encode base64
x2nrealloc base64
x2nrealloc mknod
x2nrealloc tac
x2nrealloc nice
opendirat ln
x2nrealloc ln
hash_pjw ln
x2nrealloc env
x2nrealloc users
x2nrealloc pwd
x2nrealloc cut
x2nrealloc dd
x2nrealloc tsort
x2nrealloc nl
x2nrealloc false
x2nrealloc csplit
x2nrealloc join
x2nrealloc wc
x2nrealloc timeout
x2nrealloc stdbuf
x2nrealloc truncate
print_uintmaxes factor
print_factors factor
mpz_abs_add_bit factor
mpz_abs_sub_bit.isra.0 factor
mpn_invert_3by2 factor
mpz_mul_2exp factor
mpz_hamdist factor
x2nrealloc factor
x2nrealloc pathchk
x2nrealloc od
x2nrealloc md5sum
x2nrealloc test
x2nrealloc link
time_zone_str date
x2nrealloc date
__strftime_internal date
sequential_sort sort
inttostr sort
uinttostr sort
x2nrealloc sort
x2nrealloc sha224sum
x2nrealloc rmdir
x2nrealloc echo
x2nrealloc groups
x2nrealloc sha512sum
opendirat chgrp
x2nrealloc chgrp
x2nrealloc mkdir
x2nrealloc pinky
x2nrealloc dircolors
x2nrealloc chroot
sysv_sum_stream sum
x2nrealloc sum
mbsalign vdir
x2nrealloc vdir
__strftime_internal vdir
hash_pjw vdir
sysv_sum_stream cksum
x2nrealloc cksum
x2nrealloc base32
x2nrealloc shuf
x2nrealloc nohup
x2nrealloc sync
x2nrealloc seq
x2nrealloc head
x2nrealloc printenv
x2nrealloc expand
x2nrealloc paste
x2nrealloc tee
x2nrealloc basename
mbsalign ls
x2nrealloc ls
__strftime_internal ls
hash_pjw ls
x2nrealloc tty
__strftime_internal stat
x2nrealloc stat
cdb_advance_fd stat
x2nrealloc fmt
x2nrealloc realpath
hash_pjw realpath
mpz_abs_add_bit expr
mpz_abs_sub_bit.isra.0 expr
mpn_invert_3by2 expr
mpz_mul_2exp expr
mpz_hamdist expr
x2nrealloc expr
x2nrealloc yes
x2nrealloc readlink
hash_pjw readlink
x2nrealloc pr
__strftime_internal pr
x2nrealloc [
x2nrealloc hostid
x2nrealloc logname
opendirat mv
utimecmpat mv
x2nrealloc mv
hash_pjw mv
x2nrealloc dirname
x2nrealloc split
x2nrealloc sha256sum
mbsalign df
x2nrealloc df
cdb_advance_fd df
hash_pjw df
time_zone_str touch
x2nrealloc touch
__strftime_internal touch
x2nrealloc sha384sum
x2nrealloc kill
x2nrealloc tr
opendirat rm
x2nrealloc rm
x2nrealloc printf
x2nrealloc shred
x2nrealloc fold
x2nrealloc uname
x2nrealloc whoami
x2nrealloc mkfifo
x2nrealloc mktemp
x2nrealloc who
base64_length_wrapper basenc
base64_encode basenc
x2nrealloc basenc
